Jonathan Buch
Section #1
Lab #10
April 9th, 2015

Journal

Difficulties/Time Required:

I felt that this lab was quite interesting even though it was somewhat
challenging. The main problem I had was being able to overwrite the
original arrays with the updated values. It required me to draw a
picture to better understand how to implement the filters as the picture
helped me visualize what the code needed to be. Other than that, the only
other difficult part was changing my stack class to a general linked list
class and that only took me about half an hour. Since I didn't encounter
too many problems encountered while completing this lab, it only took me
about 5 hours to fully complete. The majority of the time, ~4 hours, was
spent figuring out and implementing the functions to filter the arrays 
and linked lists. The other hour was spent changing my stack class to a
general linked list class and finishing the journal.

Lessons Learned:

From this lab I learned that you cannot 100% remove an element out of a
static array as it already has a defined amount of memory allocated for it.
The other thing I learned from this lab is that arrays are easier to access
data, but linked lists make it easier to completly delete data and release 
the memory.

Question 4 Answer:

I feel that it is possible to implement, but with the knowledge I currently
possess, I cannot think of a single way to implement all of the functions I 
created into just one function. All of the functions that I created for this
lab were very similar in composition, just with a few parameters changed to 
do what the function was required to do which makes me believe that it is 
completely possible to implement one function. 
